## Seed code - Boilerplate for step 6 ReminderService - KeepNote Assignment

### Problem Statement

In this case study KeepNote Step 6 - ReminderService, We will write main class for spring boot Application, model class, repository class, service class and interface, logging aspect.

### Steps to be followed:

    Step 1: Add relevant dependencies in pom.xml file. 
        Note: Read the comments mentioned in pom.xml file for identifying the relevant dependencies.
    Step 2: Create ReminderServiceDB.
    Step 3: Write code for model class(i.e Reminder class).
    Step 4: Write code for ReminderRepository if needed.
    Step 5: Run ReminderRepositoryTest.java. 
    step 5: Go thru ReminderService methods Don't change any method.
    step 6: Go thru exception classes.
    step 7: Implement ReminderService methods in ReminderServiceImpl class.
    Step 8:  Run ReminderServiceImplTest.java.
    step 9: Write code for ReminderController class.
    step 10: Write the code for JwtFilter in jwtfilter package.
    step 11: Write the code for Swagger configuration in config package.
    step 12: Write code for logger in LoggingAspect.java class consider all methods in controller classes.
    step 13: Go thru ReminderServiceApplication.java class.
    step 14: Run ReminderControllerTest.java class.
    step 15: Run Spring boot application (i.e Run As -> spring boot app).


### Project structure

The folders and files you see in this repositories, is how it is expected to be in projects, which are submitted for automated evaluation by Hobbes

    Project
	|
	├── com.stackroute.keepnote
	|	    └── ReminderServiceApplication.java             // Spring boot's main class
	├── com.stackroute.keepnote.aspect
	|	    └── LoggingAspect.java                          // This class is responsible to generate the log reports
	├── com.stackroute.keepnote.config             
    |       └── SwaggerConfig.java                          // This class implements the Swagger configuration for documenting the APIs.
	├── com.stackroute.keepnote.controller
	|		└── ReminderController.java                     // This class is responsible for processing all requests related to Reminder and builds an appropriate model and passes it to the view for rendering.
	├── com.stackroute.keepnote.jwtfilter             
    |       └── JwtFilter.java                              // This class implements the custom filter by extending org.springframework.web.filter.GenericFilterBean.
	├── com.stackroute.keepnote.model
	|		└── Reminder.java                               // This class will be acting as the data model.
	├── com.stackroute.keepnote.repository
	|		└── ReminderRepository.java                     // This class is implementing the MongoRepository interface for Reminder Repository
	├── com.stackroute.keepnote.service
	|		└── ReminderService.java                        // This interface contains all the behaviours of ReminderRepository
	|		└── ReminderServiceImpl.java                    // This class implements the ReminderService interface. This class has to be annotated with @Service annotation.
	├── com.stackroute.keepnote.test.controller             // All the controller test cases classes are made available in this package
	|		└── ReminderControllerTest.java
	├── com.stackroute.keepnote.test.repository             // All the repository test cases classes are made available in this package
	|		└── ReminderRepositoryTest.java
	├── com.stackroute.keepnote.test.service                // All the service test cases classes are made available in this package
	|		└── ReminderServiceTest.java
	├── src/main/resources
	|		└── application.yml                             // This file contains all the properties for Database Connectivity
	|		└── logback.xml                                 // XML file for configuring the logs
	├── .classpath			                                // This file is generated automatically while creating the project in eclipse
	├── .hobbes   			                                // Hobbes specific config options, such as type of evaluation schema, type of tech stack etc., Have saved a default values for convenience
	├── .project			                                // This is automatically generated by eclipse, if this file is removed your eclipse will not recognize this as your eclipse project. 
	├── pom.xml 			                                // This is a default file generated by maven, if this file is removed your project will not get recognised in hobbes.
	└── PROBLEM.md  		                                // This files describes the problem of the assignment/project, you can provide as much as information and clarification you want about the project in this file

> PS: All lint rule files are by default copied during the evaluation process, however if need to be customizing, you should copy from this repo and modify in your project repo

### Important instructions for Participants
> - We expect you to write the assignment on your own by following through the guidelines, learning plan, and the practice exercises
> - The code must not be plagirized, the mentors will randomly pick the submissions and may ask you to explain the solution
> - The code must be properly indented, code structure maintained as per the boilerplate and properly commented
> - Follow through the problem statement shared with you

### Further Instructions on Release

*** Release 0.1.0 ***

- Right click on the Assignment select Run As -> spring boot app to run your Assignment.
- Right click on the Assignment select Run As -> JUnit Test to run your Assignment.